I have never betrayed you, my lord
Don't call me king
You don't deserve it.
Back then, you were just Zhenbei Army
A humble tiger
I miss you
Promote you and give you a chance
Let you make it all the way to the deputy commander
Under one person
Over 10,000 people
But how did you repay me?
Ambush me on the day of my canonization
Assassinate me and jump away all the guards around me
Want to kill me
And in these three years
You bragged backwards that I was dead
Trying to make the Lord's Landing history
If that's not betrayal
Then what do you call betrayal?
What!
The murderer who assassinated Wang Sheng turned out to be Qi Tian
Dare to commit such a dirty thing
The king will cross the line
I implore the first king of traitors
Last General Amber
I implore the first rebel king, the last general, Shenwu
I implore the first rebel king to chase the dragon
I implore the first traitor Qi Tian
Passion, injustice, everyone gets the theme
What else do you want to say now?
Emperor
I have never betrayed
Look at this.
Then you understand